hello i'm chris up and all of this is my
review the kobe carros mid-17th android
4.0
tablet this is the tablet itself it's a
very nice size very slim as you can see
and it has ports along the side for a
USB mini USB plug and an HDMI output
along the top here we have the volume
rockers and the power switch it has a
nice piece of chrome treatable on the
side and best of all it's made out of
aluminum in the back unlike the previous
generation of Kobe Connor's tablets
which are made out of plastic plus the
1045 has two stereo speakers in the back
and a low megapixel rear facing camera
all in all it's a very nice package
comes like this in the box and we'll
start the review right now in any event
the reason why I'm doing this review is
because a lot of Kobe owners are very
frustrated about the fact that it will
not run Netflix
however there's a simple workaround that
I figured out and so I'm going to
illustrate that in this video as you can
see the COBE has a nice wide screen and
what we're going to do today is show you
how to get Netflix to run on the Kyros
otherwise the Cairo's functions like an
ordinary Android 4.0 Ice Cream tablet
but since it's not licensed to use the
Google Play market we have to find other
workarounds to get it to play Netflix so
the first thing we need to do is we need
to install a program that is called one
mobile market now once you go to one
mobile market you'll download another
program from mo1 mobile market called
good eReader and good e-reader looks
like this
good ereader my fingers now once good
eReader has been launched on the Kyros
you look at the good eReader website and
look for netflix
as you'll see here I've downloaded
Netflix and there's the Netflix icon so
let's use Netflix on a Kobe Kairos and
see if it works and there we go there's
Netflix starting at 11:00 let Netflix
load there we go now Netflix is launched
and let's let's take a look at a movie
let's take a look at this killed movie
here Michael Jackson
okay now this movie is plain so as you
see we have a Netflix movie that's
playing and that's what it looks like
as you can see this is Netflix so there
you go Netflix playing on a Kobe Kairos
mid-40s or taking a moment to watch this
and have a nice day
you